Add Note from Convention Mod (#19)
mc-datapacks/en: src/conventions/namespace.md

## Implementation

A namespace prefix must be used whenever it is possible. This includes tags (datapack), tags (`/tag`), nbts, scoreboards, teams, functions, advancements, loot tables, structures, world generation settings, recipes, data storage.

There is no rule specifying how you should design your namespace prefix, but these are some of the examples:

-------------------

```mcfunction
scoreboard objectives add bb.var dummy
team add bb.team
```

> In this example `bb` is the namespace which is shortened from `boomber` due to 16 characters limitation. I like to keep scoreboard and team namespace short and use `.` to seperate the namespace from the name. If lower than v.1.18

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `bb` is the namespace that is shortened from `boomber` due to 16 characters limitation in 1.17 and below.
```

```mcfunction
scoreboard objectives add boomber.var dummy
team add boomber.team
```

> In this example, I use a full `boomber` prefix, because scoreboard and team in v.1.18+ don't have a character limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I use the entire `boomber` prefix in this example because scoreboards and teams in 1.18 don't have a character limit.
```

```
data veinminer:main
 ├ veinminer
 ├ <global>
 │    ╰ advancements
 │        ├ convention.json

data - villager_magic:main
 ├ villager_magic
 ├ <global>
 │    ╰ advancements
 │        ├ convention.json

data - veinminer_faq:tick
 ├ veinminer_faq
 ├ <global>
 │    ╰ advancements
 │        ├ faq.json

data - vm:tick
 ├ vm (Virtual Magic)
 ├ <global>
 │    ╰ advancements
 │        ├ faq.json
```
In view of the convention mod, it lacks flexibility and easy maintenance.

 But it's not wrong if you to use `datapack_name` at `namespace`.
```
data - convention:veinminer/main
 ├ convention
 │    ╰ functions
 │        ╰ veinminer
 ├ <global>
 │    ╰ advancements
 │        ├ convention.json

data - convention:villager_magic/main
 ├ convention
 │    ╰ functions
 │        ╰ villager_magic
 ├ <global>
 │    ╰ advancements
 │        ├ convention.json

 data - faq:veinminer/tick
 ├ faq
 │    ╰ functions
 │        ╰ veinminer
 ├ <global>
 │    ╰ advancements
 │        ├ faq.json

data - faq:virtual_magic/tick
 ├ faq
 │    ╰ functions
 │        ╰ virtual_magic
 ├ <global>
 │    ╰ advancements
 │        ├ faq.json

>  ```

Reviewer: Clarification needed

Author: **Lines 169 - 174** I want to convey is For people using versions lower than 1.18 which has character length limitation. Using a namespace with a creator alias, It's good enough to avoid conflicting scoreboard objectives to some extent.
And there's a slight hint that fake_player doesn't need a namespace, but if you want it to convey clear functionality, you can use the fake_player namespace, since there are no character length limitations.

**Lines 175 - 184** are instructions for using the namespace in that topic.

**Line 187**, I'm going to say that reviewer will continue to review versions below 1.18, but will ignore the namespace conflict in older versions.

**Lines 188 - 189** This is the case of the datapack you reviewed. And you taught me in this matter.

**Lines 190 - 268** I will say that the name of the datapack can still be used as a namespace. If there is an issue that prevents the creator from switching to the creator name at the namespace 
Here I would like to inform them visually that the use of How good is the namespace creator name? In the form of 6 features of good software code? Here, I want to communicate better. In case, it will help them understand more.
And I have made an example, three datapacks are the same. As an example of issues that can arise in the future, I think you understand this, and I think you have some suggestion to convey it better.
And what I want to convey is that, "But it's not wrong to use the name of the datapack as a namespace". Since it is not mandatory and everyone is free to use it however there are no restrictions.
Which I don't forget that "there are many other approaches that you can take, such as `namespace_foo`, `NAMESPACEfoo`, `namespace.foo`, `namespace:foo` and `namespace/foo`. Your imagination is the limit!".
